## Description

When you encounter 'OpsHub-020404' or 'OH-Connector-06201', then the following message appears respectively:

> **OH-Connector-06201** : The target entity corresponding to the source entity '<Entity Id>` will be created with all source data as the source entity's scope has been updated. Please note this error is thrown temporarily for creating a new entity in the target with all the source data. It will be resolved automatically. If a 0 value is set for the "Maximum Retry Count" in the advanced configuration of the integration, then this failure needs to be retried manually to resolve it; Additionally, if "New Event" has been selected in the "Sync" advance configuration of the integration, then this configuration needs to be updated to "Both (Failed and New Events)" to resolve this error.

> **OpsHub-020404** : Processing blocked for the entity with the id `<Entity Id>` because of the entity's creation due to scope change in the source entity is under process.

## Cause

* When the "Entity type" and/or "Project" of the entity are changed in the source system, the target system does not support the changes in the "Entity type" and/or "Project", and comments are mapped in the mapping. {{SITENAME}} requires some processing on the comments, which was synced earlier by {{SITENAME}} via older "Entity type" and/or "Project"'s integration, which causes this failure temporarily.

## Solution

1. This failure will be resolved automatically with the default integration [advanced configuration](../../../../integrate/integration-configuration.md#advance-settings).  
2. The following actions will be required if the advanced integration configuration is not set to default values:  
   - If "New Event" has been selected in the ["Sync" advance configuration](../../../../integrate/integration-configuration.md#sync-new-failed-or-both-events) of the integration in which this failure has occurred, then this configuration needs to be updated to "Both (Failed and New Events)".  
   - If 0 value is set for the ["Maximum Retry Count"](../../../../integrate/integration-configuration.md#maximum-retry-count) in the advanced integration configuration, this failure must be manually retried to resolve it.

