## Description

For OpsHub-012074, the following error message appears:

OpsHub-012074: Processing blocked - Earlier event(s) for the entity with entity id: `<Entity Id>` and entity type: `<Entity type>` in the integration: `<Integration Name>` have to be processed first. It is a dependent failure, which may require a retry once the actual failure of the entity gets processed


## Cause

* This error is due to a processing failure on the same entity in another integration with which it has synchronized with the older "Entity type" and/or "Project".
* <code class="expression">space.vars.SITENAME</code> blocks this event for data consistency reasons.
* For example, if integration 1 from system A to system B started synchronization and performed a partial update in system B, a processing failure occurred. In such cases, if <code class="expression">space.vars.SITENAME</code> allows synchronization for that entity from system A to system B for the new "Entity type" and/or "Project", it can result in data inconsistency. To prevent data inconsistency <code class="expression">space.vars.SITENAME</code> blocks such synchronization.

## Solution

1. The first step is to resolve the failures in the older entity type/project's integration for this entity.  
2. Find the integration from the "**Integration Name**" mentioned in the error message, and find the event failure by filtering the event failure by "Entity Id" in the [failure report](../../../troubleshooting/manage-integration-failures.md#filtering-failures).  
   - Understand the error and resolve this failure.  
3. Now retry the failure by clicking the 'Retry All With Dependents' failure option. For more information on how to retry failed event, refer to [manage integration failures](../../../troubleshooting/manage-integration-failures.md#action-on-failures).
