## Description

When you encounter OpsHub-012010, then following error occurs:

OpsHub-012010: Processing blocked - Earlier event(s) for the entity `<Entity_Id>` have to be processed first. This is a dependent failure, which may require retry once the actual failure of entity gets processed.


## Cause

{{SITENAME}} synchronizes events in a sequential order from the source system to maintain proper track of changes. Due to this reason, if any failure already exists for an entity, then all the further events for the same entity will go in failure queue with this error.

## Solution

This is a dependent failure error. To resolve this error, follow the steps given below.

1. If you see this error as a first failure of this entity, then you just need to retry this failure. This may be because the earlier event for this entity may have synchronized or you may have deleted earlier failure on this entity. In such cases, you only need to retry this failure by clicking 'Retry All With Dependents' option.  
2. If you see this error as 'Dependent Failures' error, then check the first failure event message of this entity and not the dependent failure. In such cases, understand the first error message and fix the failure accordingly. Then, click 'Retry All With Dependents' option for remaining failure(s) of this entity.

For more information on how to retry failed event refer [Action-on-failures](../../../troubleshooting/manage-integration-failures.md#action-on-failures).
